Humping Dog USB!
Published on December 13, 2006.
When I first saw pictures of the Humping Dog USB thing, I thought it was an ill-designed USB flash drive.
Obviously people were laughing at it because it was dog shaped, and if you put it onto a laptop, it looked like the dog was humping it.
I was wrong.
The device is specifically designed to look like a dog humping a laptop.
Moreover, it is mechanical.
Yes, the dog physically humps the laptop when you “plug it in.”
The website (in Japanese) states, “Once you insert it, it doesn’t stop!”
I’m not even sure that the USB device has any memory, as the website says nothing about capacity.
I think it’s just more of a desk toy than anything.
It costs 998 yen, which is less than $10.
I don’t know if the best part of the video is the mosaic censoring of the dog, or “Believe” by Cher playing in the background…